Update Java TestKit documentation [ECR-3573] (#373)
exonum/exonum-doc: src/get-started/java-binding.md

- Type of the emulated node (either [Validator][validator] or
  [Auditor][auditor])

> - Service artifacts - their artifact id and filename

Reviewer: "Project Configuration" configuration section is outdated.

> - Service artifacts - their artifact id and filename

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Service artifacts - artifact ID and filename
```

> - Directory, where service artifacts are to be found

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Directory that stores service artifacts
```

> - Service instances with which the TestKit would be instantiated - their

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Service instances with which the TestKit is instantiated - their
```

>   artifact id, service instance name, service instance id and an optional

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  artifact ID, service instance name, service instance ID and an optional
```

    and provide access to their state.

Default TestKit can be instantiated with a single validator as an emulated

> node, a single service with no configuration and without Time Oracle in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
node, a single service with no configuration and without Time Oracle. To instantiate the TestKit do the
```

> following way:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
following:
```

configuration is needed:

```java

> // This TestKit would be instantiated with two service instances of different

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This TestKit will be instantiated with two service instances of different
```

configuration is needed:

```java
// This TestKit will be instantiated with two service instances of different

> // services `ARTIFACT_ID` and `ARTIFACT_ID_2`

Reviewer: Shall we put somewhere a note what those constants in the following examples are and where to get them (either hardcode or pass through system properties or configuration files)?

}
```

> Here and elsewhere, `ARTIFACT_ID`, `ARTIFACT_FILENAME`, and other constants are

Author: @Maria-Nosyk could you please check this paragraph?

Reviewer: I think it doesn't make sense in such formulation (how system properties are connected to these properties, where the values come from?).

*Things in brackets can be omitted if it is clear without them:*

In testkit code examples, `ARTIFACT_ID`, `ARTIFACT_FILENAME`, and `ARTIFACTS_DIRECTORY` correspond to constants defining the corresponding properties [of the artifact and the environment]. As the values [of these properties] are usually defined in the build configuration, it is recommended to pass them to the test from there (e.g., via system properties set in `maven-failsafe-plugin`).

Reviewer: I'd consider if it makes sense saying 'and the other', because they clearly are not _defined_ in the build configuration and shall not be passed from there.

Reviewer 2: In testkit code examples, ARTIFACT_ID, ARTIFACT_FILENAME, and ARTIFACTS_DIRECTORY correspond to constants defining the corresponding properties of the artifact and the environment. As the values of these properties are usually defined in the build configuration, it is recommended to pass them to the test from the build configuration (e.g., via system properties set in maven-failsafe-plugin).

  Snapshot view = testKit.getSnapshot();
  Blockchain blockchain = Blockchain.newInstance(view);

>   ExecutionStatus errorTxResult = blockchain.getTxResult(errorTx.hash());

Reviewer: com.exonum.binding.core.blockchain.Blockchain#getTxResult still returns an Optional

transactions:

```java

> // Instantiate a service that submits a transaction in it's `afterCommit` method

Reviewer: put that in the description as an example: "in pool txs, e.g., submitted by a service in its `afterCommit` method:"

> // Instantiate a service that submits a transaction in it's `afterCommit` method

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Instantiate a service that submits a transaction in its `afterCommit` method
```

try (TestKit testKit = TestKit.forService(ARTIFACT_ID, ARTIFACT_FILENAME,
        SERVICE_NAME, SERVICE_ID, artifactsDirectory)) {

>   // Create a block so that `afterCommit` method is invoked

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // Create a block so that the `afterCommit` method is invoked
```

  testKit.createBlock();

>   // This block will contain the transaction submitted in `afterCommit` method

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // The block will contain the transaction submitted in the `afterCommit` method
```

Author: Why `this` is bad though? It refers to the `Block block` below.

> transactions:

Reviewer: The clause with the example was suggested to be added to this sentence to clarify when in-pool transactions might be added.

```java

> // Instantiate a service that submits a transaction pool txs, e.g., submitted

Reviewer: What does 'submits a transaction pool txs' mean?

Author: Rephrased that to `Instantiate a service that submits a transaction in its 'afterCommit' method. Such transactions are placed into the transaction pool`

### API

There are two ways to test API. First, API can be tested with unit tests by
means of service mocks. TestKit is not required for these tests. Second, API
can be tested with integration tests that use TestKit. For these tests TestKit
provides the [`getPort()`][testkit-get-port] method that retrieves a TCP port
to interact with the service REST API.

> To test API implemented with Vertx tools, use the tools described in the 

Reviewer: Checked our unit test in the cryptocurrency, it uses Vertx to create a server via which the API is exposed (and our API requires a Vertx router, so the only alternative to that is using our server (`Server.create()`). The server is needed explicitly only in unit tests, with Testkit it is created under the hood. With either approach, the user can use any HTTP client to send requests.

I'd clarify:

With either approach, you can use any HTTP client to send requests [at your discretion].

To **unit** test API implemented with Vertx tools, use the tools described in the project documentation.

[project documentation](https://vertx.io/docs/vertx-junit5/java).
You can use [Vertx Web Client][vertx-web-client] as a client or a different
HTTP client.

> API can be tested with either unit tests with mocks of services (no TestKit

Reviewer: I think the section is not coherent, it lacks structure: it starts with a suggestion to use a particular tool to test HTTP APIs, and then has an overview of various approaches to testing the API. 

Shan't it be the other way around:
1. The two approaches.
2. Unit tests with mocks.
3. Integration tests with Testkit.
4. Possible clients/extensions to use (or shall we skip it as the choice is rather wide — from numerous HTTP clients to specialized testing tools like REST-assured?)

Reviewer 2: There are two ways to test API. First, API can be tested with unit tests by means of service mocks. TestKit is not required for these tests. Second, API can be tested with integration tests that use TestKit. For these tests TestKit provides the [`getPort()`][testkit-get-port] method that retrieves a TCP port to interact with the service REST API.

To test API implemented with Vertx tools, use the tools described in the 
[project documentation](https://vertx.io/docs/vertx-junit5/java). You can use any HTTP client at your discretion.

> required), or with integration tests that use TestKit. For that, TestKit

Author: @Maria-Nosyk could you help with a better wording please?

Reviewer 2: see my comment above

[junit-register-extension]: https://junit.org/junit5/docs/5.5.0/api/org/junit/jupiter/api/extension/RegisterExtension.html
[junit-test]: https://junit.org/junit5/docs/5.5.0/api/org/junit/jupiter/api/Test.html
[node-submit-transaction]: https://exonum.com/doc/api/java-binding/0.8.0/com/exonum/binding/core/service/Node.html#submitTransaction(com.exonum.binding.transaction.RawTransaction)

> [system-time-provider]: https://exonum.com/doc/api/java-binding/0.8.0/com/exonum/binding/testkit/TimeProvider.html#systemTime

Author: These links are not valid yet, but would be updated with the new release - is it okay to keep them like that?

Reviewer: That's fine, we will replace the versions.
